- How could you do this?
- I didn't know you were seeing him!
What's up?
Marina and Little Suki are having
an old-fashioned throw down.
Normal's back there trying to break it up.
Good luck. Either of them could
kick his skinny ass on their own,
not to mention in tag team.
What started it?
What else? Two fine
proud sisters standing tall,
lowering themselves to fight over
some totally unworthy man.
- I wouldn't say totally unworthy.
- I should've known. What'd you do now?
Why do you assume I did something wrong?
He told Marina he loved her,
but was catting around with Little Suki.
No, I never said I loved her.
That's a cheap ploy.
I said she was a unique creature
unlike any other.
"A unique creature, unlike any other."
- I'm totally stealing.
- Works like a charm. They literally melt.
Please, you're making me sick.
- That is coming out of your severance!
- Stay outta this, Normal!
Christmas. The gentler sex sure can
pack a wallop when she has a mind to.
Why are you standin' around?
Back to work! Nothing to see.
Show's over. Bip!
- I'll go see if my girls need some comforting.
- Yeah, me too.
Should have expected when I hired
a man with your raw animal charisma
there'd be some kind of
future affaire de coeur.
- It won't happen again.
- See it doesn't.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
That's why we forbid office romances.
- Not to mention common sense.
- Get a move on, little missy.
Those girls quit without notice,
so it's unpaid overtime.
- What? I have plans tonight.
- Well, cancel.
Away.
Alec, honey.
Could you come here?
The girls need to have a word with you.
- What do you think they want?
- They stopped fighting
and figured out who they should
really be mad at. Good luck.
Hold on, Max. I'll tag along.
I didn't intend to date them both
at the same time.
When it turned out I was dating both, it's not
like I didn't intend to tell them eventually.
Oh, my God.
Let's be real. Suppose I did tell them.
What would happen?
Same thing. Big fight.
Anger, resentment, recriminations.
- And then who wins? Nobody.
- Well, in this case, you won.
Exactly.
Well, no, seeing as how neither of them
are speaking to me now,
which makes sex a virtual impossibility.
At least for a couple of days.
Do me a favour. Shut up and ring the buzzer.
- Have you been briefed on your target?
- Yes, sir.
We'll establish a cover for you.
Alec. Hey!
Hey!
- What?
- The buzzer?
It's that button below the sign that says
"Please ring buzzer for entry."
- No one's home.
- Give them a chance.
In this place it probably takes ten minutes
to get from the kitchen to the front door.
OK, great. No one's home.
- Let's go.
- We didn't get a signature.
I said let's go.
They designed her to be the perfect soldier,
a human weapon.
Then she escaped.
In a future not far from now,
in a broken world,
she is haunted by her past.
She cannot run.
She must fight to discover her destiny.
I can't believe how late we are.
Can't this thing go any faster?
Cut Bessie a little slack.
Considering how many times she's been
shot up, I'm lucky she runs at all.
We were already late
when you got to my place.
Don't even get me started. We were
short-handed at work. Wanna know why?
- If I had to guess I'd say...
- Because of Alec.
The latest adventures of Alec,
the lovable X5 rogue.
Like an idiot, he mixes business with
pleasure and screwed the whole thing up.
It's not like he wasn't taught better. They
didn't encourage dating within Manticore.
- Aside from the breeding-partner thing.
- Different situation.
And also, may I add, disgusting.
Everything looks great.
First dinner party.
Needs to be perfect, not just great.
- Trust me, everything is perfect.
- Perfect.
I'm looking forward to
spending time with Joshua.
Yeah. You know, I think
you two will get along.
Just, you know, remember to act natural.
As opposed to the unnatural way
I normally act?
No. You know what I mean.
Just don't stare.
OK, don't stare at the genetically
engineered part-man part-dog guy. Got it.
He just has weird table manners
and his hygiene is a little questionable.
Max, I know how to handle myself
at a dinner party.
I know. I'm just saying.
Of course you do.
Fix myself a dry martini
and politely ask after his stock options.
Welcome to my house.
A lovely house it is, too.
And to commemorate,
It's a bottle of pre-Pulse Chardonnay.
I didn't know what we were having,
so I thought white would...
No, inside there.
I thought white would be a good idea.
It's a safe choice.
Having macaroni and cheese
and little, little hot dogs.
Dogs. Sounds good.
- What else?
Are we havin' anything else?
- What else do you need?
- That's a good point.
But I mean "Yum!"
- Joshua, the table looks great.
- Thanks.
Who's the fifth place for?
Hey, Max.
- Nice weather we're having.
- Not a lot of rain.
Which is unusual this time of year.
Virus bitch goin' down?
Max and Logan gettin' busy?
Well, you know, we're lookin' for a...
We're hoping.
No sex or politics at the dinner table, boo.
Sorry. Sorry.
Anyway, we'll see what happens.
Max, can you pass the ketchup, please?
You mean this unique ketchup,
unlike any other?
Why don't you lay off, huh?
I'm gonna stretch my legs.
- Mac and cheese overdone?
- No, it's great.
- He's upset about something else.
- Upset?
- He's so spun, his head's gonna fly off.
- Why don't you ease up on him, Max?
Fine, but we have to do double shifts
the rest of the week because of him.
Far be it for me to defend Alec, but he
didn't exactly force those girls to quit.
And what's so terrible about dating
them both for a couple of weeks?
- They worked together.
- They're not sisters.
Men and dogs.
No difference.
Have you been briefed on your target?
Yes, sir. Robert Berrisford.
58 years old, widower.
CEO of Mercidyne,
subcontractor for Manticore.
We've established a cover for you.
What's that?
Alec. A piano in basement.
He got skills.
- Did you know he could play?
- Who cares?
- He's very good.
- Yes, sir.
He's picked it up even
quicker than we'd hoped.
- When did you start the lessons?
- Yesterday.
- Nice work, X5-494.
- Thank you, sir.
- This is your first deep-cover mission?
- Yes, sir.
He's had four successful away missions,
but nothing long-term.
- We've been prepping him for a year.
- Deploy him by the end of the week.
- Looking for these?
- What do you want?
- Yes?
- Simon Lehane.
This way.
- Have you been briefed on your target?
- Yes, sir. Robert Berrisford.
Our intelligence indicates Berrisford's
been curious about our work here.
- Close surveillance has become a necessity.
- Yes, sir.
We've established a cover for you. Your
primary contact will be with his daughter.
Yes, sir. Her name is Rachel.
She's 17, only child.
Mother died when she was ten.
She's a good student,
excels in history and communications.
Is this all right?
It's fine. Just watch your dynamics.
How about this?
That's good. I like it.
I see you're expanding your repertoire.
Simon's more fun than my last teacher.
He only let me play Chopin and Mozart.
I'm all for mixing it up a little.
Keeps it interesting.
- Robert Berrisford.
- Simon Lehane.
Good to meet you. Don't let me interrupt.
She'll use any excuse
to avoid lessons and practice.
- Daddy!
- Be firm.
Your father seems nice.
He's great. It's just been the two of us,
though, since my mom died.
- Are you close to your parents?
- No. It's just me.
They died a long time ago.
I don't remember them.
That must've been really rough on you.
We should be playing piano,
not talking about my sad childhood.
You understand your assignment?
No!
Sorry.
Sorry, man.
What the hell was that?
Nothing.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
I'm always all right.
Thanks for dinner.
Yeah.
Fine work, 494.
Anything we need to know that
isn't included in your report?
Yes, sir. I've been invited to dinner.
- When?
- Tonight, sir.
We had no idea you had
progressed this far with Berrisford.
He didn't invite me, sir.
It was the daughter.
- Really?
- Yes, sir.
Under the impression there's
a romantic interest on her part?
Do you think she likes you?
She's shown that she enjoys my company.
Play along. This could
bring you beneficial access.
Yes, sir.
Come on.
We shouldn't be gone too long.
Your father...
My father is busy with his cronies,
talking business.
- You'd be bored.
- Maybe not.
- You're a funny one.
- I am?
Most boys would much rather
be alone with a girl
than sit in some smoky room
talking about genetics.
Well, I'm not most boys.
I know.
Do you want to go for a swim?
All right.
Can you turn around?
Yeah. Yeah.
In case you hadn't noticed,
I've been sort of throwing myself
at you for the past few weeks.
Don't you like me?
I like you.
I like you a lot.
Your only thought is to follow our orders.
Rachel!
Rachel...
Let's go, people!
These packages aren't going to sprout feet
and walk all by themselves!
Well, well! If it isn't the late-as-usual-
and-doesn't-even-do-the-job-she's-been-
assigned-to-when-she-is-working person.
What's got you rotated?
You didn't get a signature
on that delivery to Sector Ten.
- That was Alec's fault. Make him do it.
- Romeo called in sick.
Typical.
Hurry back. With Alec out,
Marina and Little Suki gone,
we're short three men, so to speak.
Jam Pony messenger.
We delivered a package yesterday.
Can I get a signature?
Thanks. What does that say?
R Berrisford?
Thank you.
Simon?
- What are you doing in here?
- I got lost looking for the bathroom.
- The bathroom's down the other hallway.
- Right.
I can't help it.
You've got me all turned around.
I love you.
- Your hands are shaking.
- They are?
Are you all right?
Yeah. I'm all right. I'm just happy.
Joshua?
Hey, big fella. What are you working on?
Joshua number 57.
- Nice. What is it?
- Alec.
Alec very complicated.
Listen, Joshua.
I know you and Alec have fun.
But he's not someone
you can trust all the time.
Especially now that he's acting so weird.
You think Alec can outsmart me?
No, not at all.
Alec only outsmarts Alec.
He doesn't know himself.
Look. Outside - lots of pretty colours.
Tricks and treats.
Inside - darkness, confusion. Alec.
What's he all dark and confused about?
Manticore.
- What's up with your boy?
- He's not my boy. I don't know.
Never seen him like this.
Anguished and all Heathcliff-like.
No wonder women fall for the tortured types.
Please.
I know I'm gonna regret this,
but I should see if he's OK.
Take your time. I got my eye on
this fine shorty at the pool table.
Call me crazy, but I got the feeling
you're in some kinda jam.
OK, you're crazy.
What about the locket?
Did you steal it or something?
I went back to that house
to get a signature.
Saw that locket in a portrait.
Now I'm all curious.
Curiosity killed the cat, Max.
Stay out of my business.
Fine.
- We don't always get along...
- Nicely understated.
Barkeep!
But if you're in trouble and you need my help,
then you should ask now and not wait
till everything's all messed up.
I appreciate the offer, I really do. But you
don't know what you're talking about.
Then explain it to me.
I would, see,
but you wouldn't understand.
You can't understand. You weren't there.
You ran. You and your little
rugrat brothers and sisters.
You think life was rough
when we were ten?
A little brainwashing, some manoeuvres
outside? Think that was tough?
It sucked pretty hard.
Take it from me, later on
it got a whole lot worse.
But you did what you had to do.
Then you tried to forget.
And when you couldn't forget,
they had ways of making you not care.
I'm sorry.
I don't want your pity.
I want your absence.
I'll leave you alone.
Simon Lehane.
Alec, wait!
Stay the hell away from me.
Hey.
Hey. What's up?
Can you pull up some information on a guy?
It's what I do. Got a name?
Berrisford. First initial R.
Yeah.
Someone's late for my lesson.
The files you brought us
were very enlightening, 494.
Berrisford plans to alert his friend
in the Senate about Manticore.
This might be a good time to send
a message to all our suppliers.
- Something decisive.
- Eliminate the target tomorrow.
He takes his daughter
to school in the morning?
Yes, sir.
Take them both out.
That's pretty decisive.
Better get back.
The lesson starts at four.
I think I got something.
Robert Berrisford.
Who is he?
Former CEO of
Mercidyne Pharmaceuticals.
They specialised in gene-splicing
techniques and stem-cell research.
Until two years ago, when someone
planted a bomb under Berrisford's car.
So what are you saying? Is he dead?
No. Caught a lucky break, I guess.
A few days later he made a deal with the FBI.
So the feds bought him protection,
and in return he got out of
the genome business.
- Closed the company and retired.
- What's this to do with Alec?
Berrisford's company had government
contracts, including the CDC.
But can you guess who their
biggest client probably was?
Gene-splicing and stem cells?
Sounds like Manticore to me.
- Looks like their handiwork.
- Think Alec was responsible?
He was a true-blue soldier then.
Maybe he drew the assignment.
He said he wanted to forget things.
Say I'm right. Alec tries to kill Berrisford,
but the mission goes sideways.
What if a very much alive
and probably pissed-off Berrisford
saw Alec when you two made your run
to his house the other day?
So he hires some guys to kill Alec as revenge.
Now Alec knows he's been made.
He knows the man he tried to kill
is gunning for him. What does he do?
- What was he trained to do?
- Kill him first.
- What are you gonna do?
- Stop him from doin' something stupid.
I know. Be careful.
In here, Simon.
Have a seat, son.
- Want a drink?
- No, thank you, sir.
Don't usually partake
in the middle of the day myself, but...
Some business problems, that's all.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid your services
won't be needed after this week.
I'm sending Rachel away for a while.
To visit her grandparents in New York.
I haven't told her yet.
Appreciate if you kept that between
the two of us for the time being.
Yes, sir.
Must be nice.
- Sir?
- To be young, like yourself.
No responsibilities or cares.
Yes, sir.
Once you have children,
everything changes.
You try to do the right thing because
you want them to be proud of you,
but sometimes the right thing
can go so wrong.
Anyway, I envy you.
Someone's late for my lesson.
You kids go ahead.
You understand your assignment?
- Yes, sir. It's just...
- It's just what, 494?
I can eliminate Berrisford without
the daughter. Collateral damage is...
You're not in charge of this mission, 494.
- Your only thought is to follow our orders.
- Yes, sir.
- Are you capable of doing that?
Because if we lost confidence in you,
we'd have no need for you.
No, sir.
- So we're clear then?
- Crystal, sir.
I love you.
Sometimes the right thing
can go so wrong.
Kill them both.
Good morning, Mr Berrisford.
Let me take that for you, sir.
I like you a lot.
Eliminate the target tomorrow.
You understand your assignment?
- What are you doing?
- We don't have a lot of time.
What's the matter?
- You and your father must leave town now.
- Why?
I'll tell them you left
in the middle of the night.
- You're hurting me.
- Come with me.
No. Tell me what's happening.
I was sent here to kill your father.
It was my job.
You were my job.
Rachel? Come on, honey.
Rachel...
Daddy!
Rachel!
Rachel...
Get in.
- Let's go!
- Rachel...
No!
Rachel?
Where is she?
Welcome back, Simon.
You came into my house,
pretended to care for my child.
- I did care.
- Shut up!
Don't lie to me!
You made the phone calls.
You played the music.
I had to get you back here.
What are you gonna do now?
What do you think I'm gonna do?
- Tell me one thing first.
- What?
What happened to Rachel?
- They didn't tell you?
- No.
She saved my life.
Rachel!
If it weren't for Rachel,
I would have been sitting in that car.
But she wasn't that lucky.
The blast knocked her unconscious.
She fell into a coma. She never woke up.
She's been dying for two years.
Do you have any idea what that's like?
Watching somebody you love
slip away from you every day?
Do you have any idea what you've done?
What are you waiting for?
I deserve it. Kill me.
Do it!
What are you doing here?
Saving your ass.
I told you to ask for my help before it was
too late and you messed everything up.
Max, I told you to leave me alone.
I should've tried harder, Rachel.
I should've fought them.
I didn't understand.
I didn't understand how much I loved you.
- Hey, Max.
- Hey. You paged?
Yeah. You haven't been by
for a couple a days.
I've been busy at work, covering for Alec.
He's called in sick.
Anyway, I thought you
might wanna see this.
Funeral's today.
So it's over.
At least he had a chance to say goodbye.
You think he really cared about her?
He loved her.
I bet he's gonna be going through
a rough time.
You might wanna look out
for him the next few days.
He doesn't want me lookin' out for him.
He wants to be left alone.
Pretend like it never happened.
He's so cut off.
Sounds like this girl I used to know.
She was just lookin' out for herself.
No responsibilities, no entanglements.
Yeah. Cos she kept thinking
if she ran far enough and fast enough,
she'd forget all the things they made her do.
But sooner or later,
it always catches up to you.
I learned that the hard way.
Now it's Alec's turn.
Don't come back here again.
I thought I could kill you.
I hate you that much.
Even though she's gone,
I'm still Rachel's father.
I still wanna do the right thing.
Make her proud of me.
I don't wanna be like you.
- Hey.
- Hey, Max.
Listen. If you ever wanted to talk...
About what?
About anything.
Now, why would I wanna do that?
Just consider the offer open.
All right.
Listen.
Thanks for saving my ass.
You're all right?
I'm always all right.
Visiontext Subtitles: Tram Nguyen Zelniker
ENGLISH